pages/colophon.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/page.njk
title: Colophon
description: An example page
navtitle: Colophon
date: 2017-01-01
tags:
  - nav
permalink: /colophon/index.html
---

## Background Credit

The background is from this exceptional Codepen entitled [fantastical jellyfishes](https://codepen.io/K-T/pen/eWGaWo) by Codepen user [K-T](https://codepen.io/K-T).

---

## Page Ideas

The page topics on this site are from [Slash Pages](https://slashpages.net/) except for the /dish one that I made up myself. The mentioned linked page was curated by [Robb Knight](https://rknight.me/).

---

## Theme Credit 

The original layout, [Stacks-11ty](https://github.com/bradleytaunt/stacks-11ty), is by [Bradley Taunt](https://btxx.org/). 

---

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) [![License: CC BY-NC-ND 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY--NC--ND_4.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)

Mentioned categories fall under the MIT license except my words of course. My words are licensed under CC BY-NC-ND 4.0.

Commit message:

Added favicon and new font. Tinkered with nav

pages/colophon.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/page.njk
title: Colophon
description: An example page
navtitle: Colophon
date: 2017-01-01
tags:
  - nav
permalink: /colophon/index.html
---

## Background Credit

The background is from this exceptional Codepen entitled [fantastical jellyfishes](https://codepen.io/K-T/pen/eWGaWo) by Codepen user [K-T](https://codepen.io/K-T). MIT License.

---

## Page Ideas

The page topics on this site are from [Slash Pages](https://slashpages.net/) except for the /dish one that I made up myself. The mentioned linked page was curated by [Robb Knight](https://rknight.me/). No explicit licensing of the prompts or website were stated in the site.

---

## Favicon Credit

The <a href="https://openmoji.org/library/emoji-1FABC/">jellyfish favicon</a> is from <a href="https://openmoji.org/">Openmoji</a>. Licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0.

---

## Theme Credit 

The original layout, [Stacks-11ty](https://github.com/bradleytaunt/stacks-11ty), is by [Bradley Taunt](https://btxx.org/). MIT License.

---

## Font Credit

The font used is <a href="https://fontesk.com/fairy-tail-font/">Fairy Tale Regular</a> by <a href="https://www.behance.net/gatype">Gatype</a>. For personal use only.

---

## Written Content

Written content is licensed under CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 unless stated otherwise.
